Application Map

MVP Modals/Views

Landing Page
	Simple sign up or login(redirect to sign on view). Blurred map and logo. Once logged in or sign up is complete, redirect to Main Map view with location markers. Should default to pin showing current location.

Sign On - sign up with google or email or login for returning users

Main Map with markers
	Pin showing current location of user.
	Hamburger menu on top right
	Add Button near bottom right.

>>>Click on Pin
	Pin Postings: Picture, Size, Title of item, Directions from my current location (does this open up a seperate window, or does this show directions within the application?).
		Dibs! Mark as mine! As soon as this is done, listing is destroyed.
		Pass...looks like absolute junk. Leaves post, but removes from users view.

>>>Add/Edit/Cancel - only edit if proper permissions.
	Photo
		Upload or connect to camera in mobile
	Title text field
	Location - enter address (autocomplete is so nice) or by current location
Category - clickable icons that are predefined
	//Listing Description - short text field
	Size Icons - selectable
	Post it and view!

Nav Bar for browser + Nav hamburger for mobile
	Search text field based on title or category autocomplete
	My Stuff
		View my stuff
			My Posts Thumbnail
				Edit/Delete my listings
	Settings
		Notification status - on or off, check listings for expiration (timer?)
		My Profile
			Delete Profile
			Edit location
Set radius, set home location, turn off location services.
	Logout - redirect to landing page.



Tech:
Geolocation - https://leafletjs.com or https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/adding-a-google-map
Photo connection - upload image, or connect to mobile camera
NoSQL Database that updates in real time as listings are created/destroyed...MongoDB?
	User and Listings DB


Nice to haves or future features:
	Chat or message function to contact lister. Security/privacy in mind, no phone numbers.
	Share feature - send or share a listing to a friend in need of a new used whatever.
	Trade my stuff for your stuff.
	Rate the lister/user - users with multiple listings can be rated on how good their stuff is.
	Some type of analytics would be cool……?
	Popup with street view for location.

Things to consider:
Cross device compatibility: web to tablet to mobile...mobile being primary.
Seamless integration and navigation around application. Nothing should be hard to access or find. Intuitive navigation with simple design interface.
No dead ends - redirect or close out of modal or views. User should never be stuck in a screen.
Browser compatibility. Some APIs or services will work in one device or browser and not another.
Error handling.
Testing.

Concerns:
Security and privacy - may not be a good idea to list a house number (or phone number) of lister….? Maybe just list general area. I never uber to my direct house location….always an address in vicinity. Maintains anonymity and protects user. Maybe advise users to never post their personal address….
Geolocation should have the option of being toggled.
